REFLECTION: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help 
you see the bug that was introduced?

Using "FC" or "diff" allowed me to use the cumputer as a tool
instead of looking through all the code myself.  Much easier.


REFLECTION: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file 
make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

You could track update.  ditermin if you're spending too much or not 
enough time on a part or the whole file.

REFLECTION: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually 
choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having 
versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

manually choosing gives you the freedom and responsibility to peronalize 
your work.  This way you can crate meaningful commits at just the right
intervals.  However there is a chance you aould forget, so human error is
a very real possiblity.  The opposite is ture for automatically saving.
No human error but lots of uncesieary saves that can make going over an 
older version hard to make sence out of.


REFLECTION: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, 
allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, 
treat each file separately?

Git was dreated with writing code in mind.  Often code files interact with
other files and need to to treated as a group.  Google Docs isn't for code.


REFLECTION: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view 
the history of files?

These commands log the changes with your notes on the change so you can 
compare two versions of your file.  So log looks up and diff breaks 
down changes.

REFLECTION: How might using version control make you more confident 
to make changes that could break something?

The fear of doing something and not being able to go back is removed.  
The whole point of version control is that I can always have a reliable 
backup.

REFLECTION: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using 
Git for?

I want to build large projects involving many files.  Projects like websites,
python web apps, android apps, and most importantly work in a large system 
sharing and creating.

 
